---
title: Food Log 
date: 1969-04-20 20:17:00 0000
categories: [Health, Generic Meals]
tags: [staying-alive, food]
pin: true
---

# Forward 
I'm too lazy to make 1 page for every day - I also think that would be messy and difficult to manage. Instead, I'm going to make 1 post and slowly update data to it. 

Eventually I may break this up to different pages and layer on different organizational schemes... That's if I need it, who knows. This blog thing is new so I'm trying not to think about it too hard and get lost in the details.


# 2023-05-30
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Meal Class</th>
      <th>Meal Name</th>
      <th>Contents</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Breakfast</td>
      <td>Gremlin Eggs</td>
      <td>
        <ul style="max-width: 50px;">
            <li> Bell Peppers (1 - any color) </li>
            <li> Eggs Scrambled (1) </li>
            <li> Onions (thin sliced and sauted) </li>
            <li> Whatever else my partner found </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Lunch</td>
      <td>Random Panini</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
            <li> 
            Burger Patty (Any meat works, but I forgot to go <br/>
            shopping and this was a lucky frozen find. Lucky <br/>
            being a soft term given the health facts of the <br/>
            burger weren't great). </li>
            <li> 
            Thin sliced onions sauteed in olive oil and garlic <br/>
            (added some red pepper flakes but I don't think that <br/> 
            did anything) </li>
            <li> Shreaded Pepper Jack Cheese (1 serving) </li>
            <li> 1 Tbsp of Siracha and Bbq sauce</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dinner</td>
      <td>Low Carb Ground <br/> Turkey "Stir Fry"</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
            <li> 
                Zuccini (1) quartered into 1/4 inch pieces and air<br/>
                fried with a pinch of salt, pepper, and garlic powder</li>
            <li> 
                Broccoli pan seared until cooked to your liking</li>
            <li> 
                Ground turkey cooked over a bed of garlic and <br/>
                sliced onions</li>
            <li>
                Mix with 1 portion of cooked rice at the end <br/>
                (may need a touch of soy sauce/coconut aminos)
            </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## External Links 
None 
## After Thoughts: 
I toasted the bread in the panini maker and discovered that it's still too crunchy to eat. I'm not sure I fully understand the toast to crunch ratio or if it's the wrong type of bread I'm using. Also, a note on bread: this one was bought from the store, but I'm researching different breads to start making my own that works good in panini's.
