---
title: Who Am I?
date: 2023-05-26 05:00:00 -0400
categories: [Personal Garbage, About Me]
tags: [rant]
---

# Introduction 
Intruductions are strange, a hello or handshake or maybe a nice to meet you and a wave and you'd leave that moment claiming "oh yes I know that person." Though you don't really know them, you know _OF_ them. You know the word under which they respond, but you don't really know them. 


Take this blog, I could tell you "my name is Anna Keichline" and (if you didn't think to wikipedia that name) that doesn't betray anything about who I am, what makes me tick, or why I'm write. While my name may mean a great deal to me and my identity, to you it's just another word among many. 


So instead of introducing myself as a word that conveys little to no meaning to you about _who I am_, feel free to assemble your views of me from the thoughts I litter across this website. 

# Why am I writing? 
I am a very private individual who, until very recently, had their identify stolen. Before you ask "what website did you go to" or "how what scam did you fall for," you should know that I am and have always been very careful. Among other good security hygene I won't detail here, I've never been one to use the "Tweeter" or post videos to facebook. Sure, I've sent the occasional snapchat my friends or family, or watched a tic toc sent my way, but I've worked pretty hard _NOT_ to put myself out there. Imagine then my frustration when I learn that my identity stolen. Imagine how that frustration grows when I realize this happened because my health insurance company was hacked and large amounts of user data was leaked as an outcome. I guess this was enevitable, it is 2023. 


As I've been backed into a data privacy corner I've actually found it to be freeing. Why not post something on the internet - all my private data informations already out there. While that served as permission to write, it wasn't really an inspiration to follow through though. 

# The Inspiration 
I've high blood pressure. Which, at the time of writing this, is new to me. I was attending my annual cardio appointment (I've some heart conditions from birth) and my doctor sat me down and let me know that I needed to change my lifestyle. I watch everything I eat, run 10-15 miles a week, and lift 4 times a week. This was not the news I was expecting. The problem here is that I'm too young. I'm a young millenial with siblings so deep in zoomer culture that I sometimes don't even understand what they're saying. So fixing my high blood pressure with a pill could work, but I've seen that movie before with my dad and I don't want the kidney issues he's having now...


The problem I quickly identified is, how do I convince my doctors that I'm doing what I say I'm doing? Given my pre-existing conditions I'm no stranger to the skeptical looks of doctors. This website was the solution I came up with. I'd track everything, export the data in some manageable fassion, then graph/chart it over time. The theory is that the doctor can't question that much data. Though maybe that's too optimistic. 


# So Now What? 
Well, if I went through all the work to build this stupid website (which was actually easier than I'm implying) I might as well use it to export my thoughts on the world into the void of the internet. If you've read this far please enjoy the website and learning about who I am. 